at this time. Covert 19 has a lot of uncertainty. Um, we are all as leaders
put in different situations with this as faras updating policies.
There are a lot of new policies that come out, um, every day on
were having meetings about cove it and how we deal with our sailors
and each other. Um, as leaders, sometimes we have to have those uncomfortable
conversations. And because of that, uh, things like co vid
and personal situations, um, come with conversations with the leadership
that you may have thio say things and help advise them on things
that may not be, um, taken in a positive manner. But you have to
have a ethical behavior, ethical thought about those things Onda conversations
have to be had.